Amy was preparing herself to handle the situation for surgery in the hospital. She was maintaining her condition in a stable manner. On the day of surgery, Amy moved to the operating room and lay on her operating bed. She knew that the nurse and the doctor were standing a little far from her. By the way, the nurse said to the doctor. "It is a simple operation, so it is okay. Do not worry." This was not to Amy, but to the doctor. This suggested that the doctor was anxious because he was not confident about the operation, and the nurse was trying to calm this doctor is anxiety. Amy overheard this situation in the surgical bed where she was lying. Hearing the conversation between the nurse and the doctor, Amy became anxious about the surgery. This conversation that she heard suddenly gave rise to anxiety about surgery. Amy was preparing herself to handle the situation for surgery in the hospital. She was maintaining her condition in a stable manner. On the day of surgery, Amy moved to the operating room and lay on her operating bed. She knew that the nurse and the doctor were standing a little far from her. By the way, the nurse said to the doctor. "It is a simple operation, so it is okay. Do not worry." This was not to Amy, but to the doctor. This suggested that the doctor was anxious because he was not confident about the operation, and the nurse was trying to calm this doctor is anxiety. Amy overheard this situation in the surgical bed where she was lying. Hearing the conversation between the nurse and the doctor, Amy became anxious about the surgery. This conversation that she heard suddenly gave rise to anxiety about surgery. Amy was preparing herself to handle the situation for surgery in the hospital. She was maintaining her condition in a stable manner. On the day of surgery, Amy moved to the operating room and lay on her operating bed. She knew that the nurse and the doctor were standing a little far from her. By the way, the nurse said to the doctor. "It is a simple operation, so it is okay. Do not worry." This was not to Amy, but to the doctor. This suggested that the doctor was anxious because he was not confident about the operation, and the nurse was trying to calm this doctor is anxiety. Amy overheard this situation in the surgical bed where she was lying. Hearing the conversation between the nurse and the doctor, Amy became anxious about the surgery. This conversation that she heard suddenly gave rise to anxiety about surgery. Amy was preparing herself to handle the situation for surgery in the hospital. She was maintaining her condition in a stable manner. On the day of surgery, Amy moved to the operating room and lay on her operating bed. She knew that the nurse and the doctor were standing a little far from her. By the way, the nurse said to the doctor. "It is a simple operation, so it is okay. Do not worry." This was not to Amy, but to the doctor. This suggested that the doctor was anxious because he was not confident about the operation, and the nurse was trying to calm this doctor is anxiety. Amy overheard this situation in the surgical bed where she was lying. Hearing the conversation between the nurse and the doctor, Amy became anxious about the surgery. This conversation that she heard suddenly gave rise to anxiety about surgery.
