The police spotted a car speeding and immediately initiated a pursuit. Andy, the driver, thought he was almost caught by the police. If he were to get caught, he was expecting at least a speeding fine or even an arrest. However, without even realizing it, Andy had crossed over the border into another jurisdiction. The police found themselves outside their area of authority and thus, they could not take any legal action against him. It was a close call for Andy, but he got off without any penalties due to the jurisdictional boundaries. The police merely warned him to "be careful next time" and left. The police spotted a car speeding and immediately initiated a pursuit. Andy, the driver, thought he was almost caught by the police. If he were to get caught, he was expecting at least a speeding fine or even an arrest. However, without even realizing it, Andy had crossed over the border into another jurisdiction. The police found themselves outside their area of authority and thus, they could not take any legal action against him. It was a close call for Andy, but he got off without any penalties due to the jurisdictional boundaries. The police merely warned him to "be careful next time" and left. The police spotted a car speeding and immediately initiated a pursuit. Andy, the driver, thought he was almost caught by the police. If he were to get caught, he was expecting at least a speeding fine or even an arrest. However, without even realizing it, Andy had crossed over the border into another jurisdiction. The police found themselves outside their area of authority and thus, they could not take any legal action against him. It was a close call for Andy, but he got off without any penalties due to the jurisdictional boundaries. The police merely warned him to "be careful next time" and left. The police spotted a car speeding and immediately initiated a pursuit. Andy, the driver, thought he was almost caught by the police. If he were to get caught, he was expecting at least a speeding fine or even an arrest. However, without even realizing it, Andy had crossed over the border into another jurisdiction. The police found themselves outside their area of authority and thus, they could not take any legal action against him. It was a close call for Andy, but he got off without any penalties due to the jurisdictional boundaries. The police merely warned him to "be careful next time" and left. 
