The couple sent their daughter to school by bus in the morning. But the couple saw shocking news that evening. The couple, who had despaired upon hearing the news of a school bus accident resulting in the deaths of all passengers, including their daughter, were surprisingly shaken from their grief by an unexpected phone call. On the other end of the line, a kidnapper is voice demanded a ransom of 100 million won, claiming to kidnapping their daughter. This served as an unexpected message of hope for them. Believing their daughter to have died in the bus accident, this call served as evidence and hope that their daughter was still alive. Overwhelmed with relief and joy, the couple prepared the ransom to hand over to the kidnapper. The couple sent their daughter to school by bus in the morning. But the couple saw shocking news that evening. The couple, who had despaired upon hearing the news of a school bus accident resulting in the deaths of all passengers, including their daughter, were surprisingly shaken from their grief by an unexpected phone call. On the other end of the line, a kidnapper is voice demanded a ransom of 100 million won, claiming to kidnapping their daughter. This served as an unexpected message of hope for them. Believing their daughter to have died in the bus accident, this call served as evidence and hope that their daughter was still alive. Overwhelmed with relief and joy, the couple prepared the ransom to hand over to the kidnapper. The couple sent their daughter to school by bus in the morning. But the couple saw shocking news that evening. The couple, who had despaired upon hearing the news of a school bus accident resulting in the deaths of all passengers, including their daughter, were surprisingly shaken from their grief by an unexpected phone call. On the other end of the line, a kidnapper is voice demanded a ransom of 100 million won, claiming to kidnapping their daughter. This served as an unexpected message of hope for them. Believing their daughter to have died in the bus accident, this call served as evidence and hope that their daughter was still alive. Overwhelmed with relief and joy, the couple prepared the ransom to hand over to the kidnapper. The couple sent their daughter to school by bus in the morning. But the couple saw shocking news that evening. The couple, who had despaired upon hearing the news of a school bus accident resulting in the deaths of all passengers, including their daughter, were surprisingly shaken from their grief by an unexpected phone call. On the other end of the line, a kidnapper is voice demanded a ransom of 100 million won, claiming to kidnapping their daughter. This served as an unexpected message of hope for them. Believing their daughter to have died in the bus accident, this call served as evidence and hope that their daughter was still alive. Overwhelmed with relief and joy, the couple prepared the ransom to hand over to the kidnapper. 
